feat: Adds documentation (#2)
SEKOIA-IO/opencti-connector: README.md

## Docker images

The docker images of the project can be found at https://github.com/orgs/SEKOIA-IO/packages?tab=packages&q=opencti-connector

To pull an image the following command should be used:

```bash
$ docker pull ghcr.io/sekoia-io/opencti-connector:latest
```

## Specific parameters

Here are the parameters specific to the sekoia connector:

* `api_key`: The API key to access the SEKOIA API, **required**.
* `base_url`: The SEKOIA API base url, *optional*.
* `collection`: The SEKOIA collections to use, *optional*

Those parameters are located under the `sekoia` category in the config file or are prefixed by `SEKOIA_` in the docker compose environment parameters.

Example in the `config.yml` file:

```yml
sekoia:
  api_key: 'ChangeMe'  # Mandatory
  base_url: 'https://api.sekoia.io'  # Optional
  collection: 'd6092c37-d8d7-45c3-8aff-c4dc26030608'  # Optional
```

Example in the `docker-compose.yml` file:

```yaml
connector-sekoia:
    environment:
      ...
      - SEKOIA_API_KEY=ChangeMe  # Mandatory
      - SEKOIA_BASE_URL='https://api.sekoia.io'  # Optional
      - SEKOIA_COLLECTION='d6092c37-d8d7-45c3-8aff-c4dc26030608'  # Optional
```

## Examples

### Docker compose

> Here's a an example of the docker comnpose part that could be added to you main file to add the SEKOIA connector to the stack:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's a an example of the docker compose part that could be added to your main file to add the SEKOIA connector to the stack:
```
